Good Evening I Good Evening for All I
Welcome One and All on the occasion of 20th
Anniversary of Our Brahmashri Narayana
Guru Yoga Mandir Organize International
Open Yoga Championship In This The Founder
Yogacharya B Shantaram and Yoga Kumari
Shilpa Presenting a Demo on
Artistic Yoga with the Song of Omkar
and Sarveshaam Sukhina
[Music]
Bhavantu Shivagiri Shikhara
Divya Padmanam
[Laughter]
Varadamaya
Hastam Patakam
Seva Karunyam Kalikusha Vinasaam Navami
Narayanayam
Aade
[Music] [Music]
[Music]
[Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [
Music] [Music] [
Praise] [Music] [
Music]
[Music]
om
[Music] [Music]
[Music]
[Praise]
[Music] [
Music]
[Music] [Music]
[Music]
ram [Music] [Praise]
Hare Ram [Music] [Music] [
Music]
[Praise]